##MineSweeper
Minesweeper is a logic puzzle video game genre generally played on personal computers. The game features a grid of clickable 
squares, with hidden "mines" scattered throughout the board. The objective is to clear the board without detonating any mines, 
with help from clues about the number of neighboring mines in each field. Variants of Minesweeper have been made that expand 
on the basic concepts, such as Minesweeper X, Crossmines, and Minehunt. Minesweeper has been incorporated as a minigame in 
other games, such as RuneScape and Minecraft's 2015 April Fools update.

The origin of Minesweeper is unclear. According to TechRadar, the first version of the game was 1990's Microsoft Minesweeper, 
but Eurogamer says Mined-Out by Ian Andrew (1983) was the first Minesweeper game. Curt Johnson, the creator of Microsoft 
Minesweeper, acknowledges that his game's design was borrowed from another game, but it was not Mined-Out, and he does not 
remember which game it is.

A game of Minesweeper begins when the player first selects a cell on a board. In some versions of the game, the first click 
is guaranteed to be safe, whilst some other variants further guarantee that all adjacent cells are safe as well. During the 
game, the player uses information given from the opened cells to deduce further cells that are safe to open, iteratively 
gaining more information to solve the board. The player is also given the number of remaining mines in the board, known as 
the minecount, which is calculated as the total number of mines subtracted by the number of flagged cells (thus the minecount 
can be negative if too many flags have been placed).

To win a game of Minesweeper, all non-mine cells must be opened without opening a mine. There is no score, however there is 
a timer recording the time taken to finish the game. Difficulty can be increased by adding mines or starting with a larger 
grid. Microsoft Minesweeper offers three default board configurations, usually known as beginner, intermediate and expert, 
in order of increasing difficulty. Beginner is usually on an 8x8 or 9x9 board containing 10 mines, Intermediate is usually 
on a 16x16 board with 40 mines and expert is usually on a 30x16 board with 99 mines, however this is usually customisable.
